README.md, before:

# Gus Feliciano's Personal Portfolio

## About Me

I'm Gus, tech and outdoor enthusiast based in Colorado, I'm a Technical Program Manager and AWS Certified Solutions Architect. With over 5 years of experience in project management and Agile transformations, I excel at launching impactful projects, streamlining processes, and boosting operational efficiency across various industries. This website is my digital playground, showcasing my professional journey through projects, insights, and more.

## About This Project

This personal portfolio website is built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. It serves as both a professional platform and a template for developers looking to create their own personal sites. Key features include:

- A clean, minimalist design that puts the focus on content
- Responsive layout that looks great on desktop and mobile devices
- Dynamic routing for easy navigation between sections
- MDX support for writing blog posts with rich formatting and embedded components
- Dark mode toggle for improved readability in different lighting conditions
- Project showcase section to highlight your best work
- About page to share your professional story and skills
- Contact form for networking opportunities

This site is not just a static resume, but a living representation of my skills, projects, and thoughts in the tech world. It's designed to grow with my career, easily accommodating new projects, blog posts, and updates to my professional journey.

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License with the following additional clause:

While you are free to use this code as inspiration or as a starting point for your own project, I kindly request that you provide attribution by linking back to this repository. Please do not use my personal information, projects, or blog posts in your own site.

## Getting Started

To use this template for your own personal website:

1. Fork this repository
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine
3. Install dependencies: npm install
4. Run the development server: npm run dev
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result
6. Start customizing the content and design to make it your own!

## Customization

To customize this template for your own use:

1. Update the personal information in `src/app/page.tsx` and other relevant files
2. Replace the profile image in the `public` directory
3. Update the project information in `src/app/projects/page.tsx`
4. Add your own blog posts as MDX files in the `src/posts` directory
5. Customize the styling by modifying the Tailwind classes or updating `tailwind.config.js`

Please remember to remove all of my personal information, projects, and blog posts before publishing your own version.

## Deployment

This site is set up to be easily deployed on Vercel. Simply connect your GitHub repository to Vercel, and it will automatically deploy your site.

## Acknowledgements

This project was inspired by various personal portfolio sites across the web. Special thanks to the Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS communities for their excellent documentation and resources.

---

Happy coding, and I hope this template serves as a useful starting point for your own personal website!

Commit message:

updated readme file with blog exclusion filter steps

README.md, after:

# Gus Feliciano's Personal Portfolio

## About Me

I'm Gus, tech and outdoor enthusiast based in Colorado, I'm a Technical Program Manager and AWS Certified Solutions Architect. With over 5 years of experience in project management and Agile transformations, I excel at launching impactful projects, streamlining processes, and boosting operational efficiency across various industries. This website is my digital playground, showcasing my professional journey through projects, insights, and more.

## About This Project

This personal portfolio website is built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. It serves as both a professional platform and a template for developers looking to create their own personal sites. Key features include:

- A clean, minimalist design that puts the focus on content
- Responsive layout that looks great on desktop and mobile devices
- Dynamic routing for easy navigation between sections
- MDX support for writing blog posts with rich formatting and embedded components
- Dark mode toggle for improved readability in different lighting conditions
- Project showcase section to highlight your best work
- About page to share your professional story and skills
- Contact form for networking opportunities

This site is not just a static resume, but a living representation of my skills, projects, and thoughts in the tech world. It's designed to grow with my career, easily accommodating new projects, blog posts, and updates to my professional journey.

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License with the following additional clause:

While you are free to use this code as inspiration or as a starting point for your own project, I kindly request that you provide attribution by linking back to this repository. Please do not use my personal information, projects, or blog posts in your own site.

## Getting Started

To use this template for your own personal website:

1. Fork this repository
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine
3. Install dependencies: npm install
4. Run the development server: npm run dev
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result
6. Start customizing the content and design to make it your own!

## Customization

To customize this template for your own use:

1. Update the personal information in `src/app/page.tsx` and other relevant files
2. Replace the profile image in the `public` directory
3. Update the project information in `src/app/projects/page.tsx`
4. Add your own blog posts as MDX files in the `src/posts` directory
5. Customize the styling by modifying the Tailwind classes or updating `tailwind.config.js`

## Managing Blog Posts

To exclude specific posts from appearing on your blog page while keeping them in your repository:

1. Open `src/app/blog/page.tsx`
2. Add your post filename to the `EXCLUDED_POSTS` array:
   ```typescript
   const EXCLUDED_POSTS = ['.DS_Store', 'example-post-template.mdx', 'your-post-to-hide.mdx'];
   ```
3. The posts listed in this array will be excluded from the blog listing but remain in your repository for reference.

Please remember to remove all of my personal information, projects, and blog posts before publishing your own version.

## Deployment

This site is set up to be easily deployed on Vercel. Simply connect your GitHub repository to Vercel, and it will automatically deploy your site.

## Acknowledgements

This project was inspired by various personal portfolio sites across the web. Special thanks to the Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS communities for their excellent documentation and resources.

---

Happy coding, and I hope this template serves as a useful starting point for your own personal website!
